Fix errors in getting-started (#30)
filecoin-project/boost-docs: getting-started/getting-started.md

See section [migrate-a-lotus-markets-service-process-to-boost.md](../upgrade-from-lotus-to-boost/migrate-a-lotus-markets-service-process-to-boost.md "mention") for more details.
{% endhint %}

> Boost keeps all data in a directory called the repository. By default the repository is at `~/.boost`. To use a different location pass the `--boost-repo` parameter (must preceed any paricular command verb, e.g. `boostd --boost-repo=/path init`).

Reviewer: Small typos

```suggestion
Boost keeps all data in a directory called the repository. By default the repository is at `~/.boost`. To use a different location pass the `--boost-repo` parameter (must precede any particular command verb, e.g. `boostd --boost-repo=/path init`).
```

Author: oops, ty
